# CarND-Path-Planning-Project - ReflectionSelf-Driving Car Engineer Nanodegree Program   ### DisclosureThe solution I implemented is highly based on the Project Walkthrough And Q&A video.### Reflection on the Path Planning modelFor the path planner model, we create a list of widely spaced (x,y) waypoints, evenly spaced then we interpolate these waypoints with a spline function to fill-in the gaps in the path.In order to respect acceleration and  jerk limitations, we start with a reference velocity of 0 mph then we incrementally increase the velocity by 0.224 mph at each message event (0.02s) this corresponds to an acceleration of 5m/s².In order to avoid crash with front car, we use sensor fusion data to detect the coordinates and velocity of the surrounding cars. When we detect a car upfront at a closer distance than 30m, we flag a warning event and decrease incrementally the speed to keep a safety distance.To change lane when we are behind a slower car, we use sensor fusion data to detect coordinates and velocity of the cars in the left and right lanes. When we have a safe distance with the cars in front and behind of us in the left or right lane, we change the value of the lane variable to our target lane and the spline function previously implemented insures a smooth transition to the new lane.  ### Idea for improvements:Currently, the model will always prioritize a change to left lane when safety conditions are respected. We can improve the model by analysing the speed and distances of the surrounding cars (left and right lanes) to prioritize a lane change that will improve the forward progress. 